Here is a quick rundown of my (Stephen Bishop) branch for the CSCE 3444 project.

# api_server #

I will only be writing about the files that are not boilerplate or automatically generated by Django Rest Framework. 

https://www.django-rest-framework.org/

    models.py
        - Django uses Models to leverage OOP <--> Database schema. You can think of each class in this file as a database table and its members.


    serializers.py
        - I am going to copy and paste the explanation for serializers provided by DRF's website (see above) I think it is a great explanation: "Serializer fields handle converting between primitive values and internal datatypes. They also deal with validating input values, as well as retrieving and setting the values from their parent objects."
        - Each Model (class) will have an accompanying serializer with it that is used within the API for helping with queries/data transformation/retrieval.
    
    
    settings.py
        - A lot of this file is auto generated by DRF, however there are things I had to figure out such as: how to connect the framework to the DB, how to utilize an environment file and how to properly and safely store sensitive information for authentication.


    tests.py
        - I wrote all of the unit tests in this file for our API. I am generally testing to be sure that all of end points are accessible, and that we can create objects (Models) properly. I ran this test today (04-16-2021) and all test cases passed. You would run this using the command `python manage.py test` (however without my environment file you will not be able to, unless you make your own database locally and re-wire the connections).

    
    urls.py
        - This file is responsible for the routing of the API. More specifically, if you go to a specific URL it will provide specific information or do a specific task. 

    
    views.py
        - This file is responsible for providing information or doing tasks that the front end asks. The "viewsets" are directly tied to the models and interact directly with them and is used for data manipulation/retrieval. Additionally, there are other end points you can see and the parameters that they require to do different tasks (such as place an order, or mark a table as occupied). 

